DBZ-3270 DBZ-3384 Add dynamic logging information (#2286)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/operations/logging.adoc

{prodname} uses packages to organize code with similar or related functions.
This means that you can control all of the log messages for a specific class or for all of the classes within or under a specific package.

> .Procedure

Reviewer: Could you add this back, it's an established convention in the docs.

> .Dinamically changing logging level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Dynamically changing logging level
```

> Kafka Connect allows to change logging level dinamically without restarting your server. For doing that, you can send a PUT request to the admin/loggers endpoint providing the package name for which you want to change log level. For example, if by any reason you wanted to get debug information for the Oracle connector you could send this request to your Debezium server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kafka Connect allows to change logging level dynamically without restarting your server. For doing that, you can send a PUT request to the admin/loggers endpoint providing the package name for which you want to change log level. For example, if by any reason you wanted to get debug information for the {prodname} Oracle connector you could send this request to Kafka Connect:
```
